i.setup basics config of details in git and adding your deatils of storing of code in central respo
command:-
          git config --global user.name “[firstname lastname]”


to check this saved or not use 
command :-
             git config --global user.name


ii.set an email address that will be associated with each history marker
git config --global user.email “[valid-email]”


to check this saved or not use 
command :-
            git config --global user.email

--> Try complete above steps and follow below steps 

1.command:- git remote -v 
#connection is connected to origin or not

2. to remove the origin we use command

command:- git remote rm origin

3. check now repeat step 1 again now


4.now after creating of repo

5.Before going commands first create README.md file manually

6.now use first commad
command:- git init                  #this create a git file in your woking file

7. after step 6 another commad
command:- git add README.md 

#or if u have other folder add them my same commad instead of README.md
example in my case :-  git add git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf


                       (or) shortcut is This will add all rest files which are they 

commad:- git add .   

To know this added or not your file side letter from U to it will change to 
A this means added

8. next commad show status will show all files are commit or not which are 
pending to commit
command:-  git status

9. Think like if u want to remove file from step 7 in that we have added 
   multi files  to remove any single file we use

commad:- git rm --cached  filename

10. to commit to basic stage of stagging not full commit and push to resporitory still
command:-
          git commit -m "first commit"


11. never try to work on master branch soo quickly if your new so we can use other branch to create
command:-
        git branch -M main  # here -M refer to rename 

    --> after this above command now try to check 
        command:- git branch  #You will get  Main branch instead of Master branch


12. Now to link your  repository use following
command:-
          git remote add origin https://github.com/your repository name


13. to check wether is link or now use 
command:-git remote -v     # this will show your resporitory name means it is linked


14. to push your code to your resporitory we called origin ok 
command:- git push -u origin main
    